Sorry little sister
There is a traffic jam on the road.
Brother and I will be there soon, it doesn't matter, brother.
Anyway, I'm out of the house
Take your time, I'll wait for you.
Oh oh
Ah!
Bitch depends on me and you, damn it
Gu Sisi
I've been taking care of my family all these years, haven't I been kind to you?
Clean home for three years
My brother has never touched you
Still a good virgin
How embarrassing to say it
How about today?
I specially found two muscular men for you.
You still have to thank me
Ah haha, it looks good.
This body is the best in the world
Get lost! Who do you think you are?
It's definitely going to make you feel good today
Hahahaha
Hey, what's in here?
Could it be something stolen from my house?
Open it for me to see.
This is what I brought down the valley
Why open it for you?
What the hell are you wearing?
I tell you to open it, you open it and release it.
How dare you hit me?
You two grab this alley for me
Is Sisi good for you?
Wait for me, this woman, you can play whatever you want
I'm responsible for playing dead
This is what you said.
Let go! Let go!
Stinky bitch, you dare to hit me
Afraid of how I will kill you later
I don't have Su Mingzhe
You dare to move